hello my friends welcome to the town
channel I'm town so in today's video
well we're gonna check out the need for
speed teaser trailer I was actually
hoping that the trailer was gonna be
longer but it's pretty short one and
it's a teaser so I'm kinda going to
disappoint that bird I haven't looked at
greater and we're gonna check it out at
the moment right here right now so yeah
I'm gonna push play and I'm gonna watch
it for the first time in my life for the
love of God it has to be freaking
underground pre with in-game graphics
and I want to see next-gen graphics and
i wanna see modifications so yeah let's
push play and let's check it out let's
check out what the Freak is this game
whoa damn it's been a long time waiting
let's do this baby let's do this
Oh
Wow
oh ok ok do it I was hoping for a longer
one that was really short man and I got
what the hell was this thing all
captured in game this is freaking on the
ground dreamer it is only country I'm
political and it's open world it's an
open working oh ok jun 15 time i'm
guessing its e3 time right well i'm
going to e3 this year it's my first ever
visit to America the United States and
my first time visiting III also so that
that's pretty awesome so I'm gonna hate
there I'm gonna bring my camera there
I'm gonna film for you guys and I'm
gonna jump like crazy and hopefully we
can all play the game also there so I'm
gonna make some sort of a small video
for you guys if I can if they don't let
me film the monitors while I'm playing
I'm gonna fit in my face and tell you
all about how the game feels and place
like yeah Oh graphics
I it's hard to say I cross tekken
graphics looked really really good and I
I I can't imagine it was in game but
they say it's in game better be in game
then I'm pretty sure it was in Game ton
but it looked like really really
cinematic so yeah I actually I was
waiting for a proper like gameplay video
maybe it was hoping for too much just
want to say let's see like some footage
behind the car like classic need for
speed games and hopefully it has also
cockpit view also and you could blame
with the wheel and maybe I hope the
handling is like a pro street or maybe
shift because I like this ship I like
these simulation or cake games anyway
thanks for watching and yeah I'll see
you guys soon at e3 and in my next
videos thanks for watching see you later
ciao